Alright, this is going to wrap up our
section on Spring Configuration. Now I
showed you a lot of the basics here and
different configuration types and didn't
get too deep into the XML because that's
really being phased out of the Spring
Framework as of right now. There's a
couple of outlying projects that are
still using XML configuration but for the
majority of the Spring family of
projects are all moving towards Java
Based Configurations and Java DSLs for
us to do configuration. So that's the
area I'm going to be focusing on the
course going forward and as we get into,
we're going to be building more
applications in the course. So I'll have
more opportunity to show you realistic
examples because me personally I learn
best by having concrete examples to work
with. So reading, I could do slide decks
and show you all the features of
configuration but I think it's better to
get hands-on and do that. So this is to get
you primed on Spring Configuration. So I
want you to see and understand how these
different options work so you can do
Java configuration, you can do Base
Configuration and XML Configuration and
if you're really brave, you can even toss in Groovy
Configuration and all this is going to
get pulled up into the Spring Context. In
the Spring Context that inversion of
control container is what's going to
wire up your application. So it really
doesn't matter where you define Spring
Beans at and the different options. You
have a plethora of options to choose
from but they all get brought up into
the context and right now the industry
is definitely moving towards the Java
based configuration and Annotations based
configuration. Just makes things a lot
easier. So a lot more great content
coming ahead in the course.